add explanation of double quotes for TAG special chars (#396)
redis/docs: content/develop/interact/search-and-query/query/exact-match.md

FT.SEARCH idx:bicycle "@condition:{new}"
```

> Exact matching of tags that include special characters can be accomplished by using double quotes and [DIALECT 2]({{< relref "/develop/interact/search-and-query/advanced-concepts/dialects" >}}#dialect-2).  Example below:

Reviewer: We need to use active voice (style guide), so here's my take on that:

```suggestion
Use double quotes and [DIALECT 2]({{< relref "/develop/interact/search-and-query/advanced-concepts/dialects" >}}#dialect-2) for exact match queries involving tags that contain special characters. Here's an example:
```
